Original NKN kernel ( Flux version ) (#95)
willtebbutt/Stheno.jl: examples/flux_integration/neural_kernel_network/README.md

# Neural kernel network

> When apply neural network to data, we are essentially superpose different features of data and pass the result to a nonlinear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When applying a neural network to data, we compute different linear features of data and pass the result to a nonlinear
```

activation function. Similar things can be done to kernel functions ( stationary kernels ) as well, and combination of the kernel functions follows

> the rules ( $k_1,\,k_2$ are kernel functions ):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
activation function. A similar thing can be done with kernels as well. In particular, kernels can be combined according to the following rules ( $k_1,\,k_2$ are kernel functions ):
```

1. For $\lambda_1,\,\lambda_2\in\mathbb{R}^+$, $\lambda_1 k_1+\lambda_2 k_2$ is also a valid kernel function

2. The product $k_1k_2$ is a kernel function

> Therefore, we can introduce a neural network like structure, which consists superposition, product and nonlinear activation operations ( similar to the idea fo sum and product network ). Acting such a network on top of some basic kernels, e.g. exponential quardratic kernel, periodic kernel, linear kernel, etc., will results in a new kernel function which is able to extract more complicated features. In addition, the neural kernel network is differentiable w.r.t it's parameters, which enables us to determine it via gradient based optimization methods. This also illuminates previous black-box kernel formation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use these to specify a neural network like structure, which consists of linear transformations, products, and nonlinear activation operations (similar to Sum-Product networks). Such a structure is called the Neural Kernel Network (NKN) [1]. Building such a network on top of some basic kernels, e.g. exponentiated-quadratic, periodic, linear, etc., will result in a new kernel function which is able to extract more complicated features. In addition, the neural kernel network is differentiable w.r.t it's parameters, which enables these to be found via gradient based optimisation methods. This is distinct from previous compositional kernel search methods eg. [2], which search over an unbounded space of possible kernel structures.
```
